the developer and owner of this chat bot is nahid salimi,





Brave Bot (BB) - Admissions

Sancho is going to create for us the BB like Tais presented last year. The BB is basically for the LCs to ask questions about our procedures, and the bot provides automatic replies.

We have to structure it by Topics first, then creating subtopics for the Questions that the LCs ask us, then developing the Answers(replies) which ideally contain links to specific sections of our Notebook (which we used to elaborate our SharePoint). Try to include as much Topics and Questions as you can think of so you can reduce your workload as much as possible in terms of replying to the LCs via Team.

Admissions Notebook of processes link (so you can view all our processes as a reference for the topics and questions, and get all the specific section links): Team Site Notebook


Topic 1: Transfer of Programmes (Remote/UP/BAS)

Q1: My Learner wishes to transfer from Hybrid (the Hub) to BGA Remote (full online) permanently (due to changes in location, or just a preference). What do I need to do?

A1: If the Learner wishes to permanently transfer from Hybrid to BGA Remote, the first step is assuring that they and their family accept the changes in the approach of the Remote model, and have the expectations aligned. The second step is to write an email, with the family in CC, informing Admissions of their choice. Click here to view the steps in detail, including the list of topics that you have to approach in step 1.


Q2: My Learner is travelling for some period of time (up to 3 months) and will stop attending the Hub. Do they need to transfer to BGA Remote?

A2: No, we only transfer Learners from Hybrid to BGA Remote if they are going full online permanently. Therefore, you should evaluate how you can provide them with online support while they are absent from the Hub. They will remain Active on your Learners List, with a reserved spot at your Hub.


Q3: My Learner wishes to possibly join the UP Programme. How should I proceed?

A3: Please coordinate a meeting with Esther, Head of our UP Programme, so she can explain the programme to the Learner and check their eligibility. Esther will communicate directly with Admissions, and Admissions will inform the LCs if the transfer officialises and what they will have to do as the final step. Check the steps in detail here.


Q4: My Learner wishes to possibly join the BAS (Brave Academy of Sports) programme. What’s next?

A4: All you need to do is coordinate a meeting with the BAS team, Rodrigo, Nico and Conrad, so they can explain the programme to the Learner and check their eligibility. The BAS team will communicate directly with Admissions, and Admissions will inform the LCs if the transfer officialises. Check all the steps here.


Topic 2: Transfer of Curriculum (UK/US/UP/Portuguese)


Q1: My Learner wishes to transfer from the British Curriculum to the US Curriculum. What do I need to do?

A1: The most updated procedure is the following:

1) Inform the Admissions team via email, so they can send detailed information, including pricing, and next steps to the parents. 2) The Learning Coaches (LCs) will prepare the report (check the step-by-step here) and send it to Admissions and Danielle Roodt.

3) Danielle will confirm the academic level of the Learner.

4) Learner will choose the subject that they wish to study at FIA.

5) LCs will send to Admissions and Danielle the subject selection.

6) Admissions will send a final confirmation to FIA, the LCs and the family.

7) FIA will send the Learner’s credentials to you and the family.

Please check the SharePoint for further details: Team Site Notebook


Q2: My Learner wishes to possibly join the UP Programme. How should I proceed?

A2: Please coordinate a meeting with Esther, Head of our UP Programme, so she can explain the programme to the Learner and check their eligibility. Esther will communicate directly with Admissions, and Admissions will inform the LCs if the transfer officialises and what they will have to do as the final step. Check the steps in detail here.


Q3: My Learner wishes to transfer to the Portuguese+ Curriculum. What do I need to do?

A3: Please inform the Admissions team via email, so they can send detailed information, including pricing, and next steps to the parents. Once the enrolment process is completed, Admissions will send you a confirmation email.


Q4: When will my Learner receive their new curriculum credentials?

A4: After Admissions sends the LCs the confirmation emails regarding the conclusion of the transfer process, the credentials will be shared with the LCs and Learners according to the following:

a) If the Learner is switching to a curriculum we outsource (US or UP), the providers will send you and the Learner the credentials after the process is finalised. In the case of UP, the mentors will send you the credentials right after your onboarding session takes place.

b) If the Learner switches to the UK or Portuguese+ curricula, Amanda (IT) will be the point of contact for the platform courses after the process is finalised.


Topic 3: Transfer of Hubs


Q1: My learner wants to be transferred to another hub. What do I need to do?

1) LCs must decide among themselves: the team of the Hub of origin must contact the team of the Hub the Learner wishes to transfer to, requesting the transfer approval. CC your DCs when needed;

2) LCs must refer to their DCs whenever is a sensitive case/concern that they need further advice on;

3) LCs inform Admissions via the Teams Channel so Admissions can make the alterations to our documents;

4) New LC will add parents to the WhatsApp group and send the parents the Hub Booklet;

5) Notify our US Curriculum provider in case they are doing the American Curriculum.

>>> Please note that changes in Moodle must be requested directly to Amanda (IT) after all is confirmed.


Topic 4: Official Learners List


Q1: Why can’t I find my Learners on the Official Learners List?

A1: Please check if you have any filters applied to one of the columns. If you do, make sure to clear the filter. Always select all the options in the Status column (Active, Inactive, In Progress, In Progress-ok, Waiting List, Waiting List - ok) as the status of the Learner you’re looking for may have changed.

Additionally, ensure you have clicked on Trust Worktools warning so the document is synchronised. For a step-by-step explanation with illustrations of how to do this, please refer to our SharePoint: Team Site Notebook


Q2: What does the 'Progress', 'In-Progress' ,’Active’, and ‘Inactive’ means in the Official Learners List.

A2:

In the first column Status, the Learners are labeled according to the following:

· Active (learners that are currently attending the hub)

· Inactive (learners that have withdrawn from BGA)

· In progress (learners that will have their onboarding meeting yet)

· In progress – ok (learners that have been through the onboarding meeting but haven't started attending the hub yet)

· Waitlist – ok (to identify learners that are Active in another Hub view, but in the Waiting List of another Hub. Therefore, this learner is Active in a Hub view, since they are attending BGA, but as Waitlist - ok in another Hub view to inform us that they wish to move there eventually)

· Waitlist (to identify learners that are in the Waiting List of a Hub, and not Active in any other Hub. Therefore, they are just waiting for a vacancy to open in that specific Hub to start in BGA)

· Graduated (learners that graduated)

My Learner has the incorrect academic level on the Official Learners List. How do I update it?

A3: Please send a message on our Admissions Teams channel with the most updated information so we can update our database. The same is valid for any type incorrections in the Official Learners List.


Topic 5: Unannounced Parental Hub Visits


Q1: A parent arrived at the Hub unexpectedly to learn more about BGA. How should I proceed?

A1: Upon an unannounced visit from a parent to the Hub, provide them with an introduction about BGA while showing our Hub to them. It is essential to ensure that the parent feels welcomed and valued throughout the interaction. Please proceed by gathering the parent's essential contact details, including their name, phone number, email address, as well as their child's name and age. Please also exchange with them our contact details: Email (contact@bravegenerationacademy.com) and Phone Number/WhatsApp: (+351 913 578 362). Once this information is collected, kindly send it to the Admissions Team via the Teams channel of your Hub, ensuring all relevant details and any inquiries raised during the visit are included. The Admissions Team will then initiate contact with the family, providing them with information about us and guiding them through our admissions process.


Q2: If I need it on the spot, what is the guest user login for showing the platform?

A2: The guest access to show our UK Curriculum platform is the following:

URL: https://learn.bravegenerationacademy.com/login/

--

(11) LWS 7: guest.year7 Password: Guest@y7

--

(12 - 13) LWS 8: guest.year8 Password: Guest@y8

(13 - 14) LWS 9: guest.year9 Password: Guest@y9

(14 -16) IGCSE: guest.igcse Password: Guest@igcse1

(16 - 18) A-Levels: guest.alevel

Password: Guest@alevel1


Topic 6: Hub Visits and Trial Days


Q1: What is the guest user login for trial days?

You will be able to find the guest user information on the description of the calendar invite.

--

Guest access information for our UK Curriculum platform: URL: https://learn.bravegenerationacademy.com/login/


(11) LWS 7: guest.year7 Password: Guest@y7

--

(12 - 13) LWS 8: guest.year8 Password: Guest@y8

(13 - 14) LWS 9: guest.year9 Password: Guest@y9

(14 -16) IGCSE: guest.igcse Password: Guest@igcse1

(16 - 18) A-Levels: guest.alevel

Password: Guest@alevel1


--

Guest access information for the US Curriculum platform (FIA): URL: https://usuniversitypathways.schoolsplp.com/login Password for each subject: FIA - US Curriculum Guest Users.pdf



--

Guest access information for the UP Programme platform: URL: https://learn.genexinstitute.com/login/bga user: demo@bga.com

password: password

Q2: How does the scheduling of hub visits or trials work for BGA Remote?

A2: We will get in touch with the LC at their corresponding BGA Remote Channel.

In the message, we will ask them for their availability to have an online meeting with
 the prospect to show them the BGA platform and Remote online environment.

In the future, we will launch FREEMIUM, which will grant families interested in the Remote option access to our platform for one week. Once we launch this promotion, we will use it instead of our current procedure.


Topic 5: Onboarding Day and Credentials


Q1: Where can I find my Learner’s login details when they arrive at the Hub for the first day?

The Learner login details are always sent via email (subject line: “Onboarding Day – Learner's Name” ) to the Learner, with the LCs in CC, prior to their first day. Admissions only send their credentials once they have completed the admissions process (paid and signed contracts).

The exception is if the Learner is doing a curriculum we outsource (US or UP). In this case, the providers will send you and the Learner the credentials after the process is finalised on their end. In the case of UP, the mentors will send you the credentials right after your onboarding session takes place.


Q2: A Learner has arrived at my Hub, but they don’t have their login details yet. What should I do?

A2: If you can’t seem to find your Learner’s credentials, the first step is to confirm receiving the details by double-checking your email and the Status of the Learner on your Official Admissions List: if you didn’t receive the email and the Status of this Learner is not as Active, the reason for they not receiving their credentials is that they didn’t complete their admissions process yet.

The second step is to please inform the family that you’re going to check with Admissions, while making them comfortable at the Hub. Please proceed to reach out to us via Teams or through a call via Teams or via our phone number (+351 913 578 362). We will check what the family needs to complete in order to have their admissions process finalised and send them a follow up email.

The third step is that you’re going to please inform that they need to finalise their admissions process and that the Admissions team will follow up via email with the missing documents. The Learner will be able to start attending the Hub as soon as they complete the process and agree on a first day of classes with Admissions.


Topic 8: Declarations & Academic Reports


Q1: How do I request for Declaration of Enrolment or a Declaration of for public transportation discounts?

A1: You can request it via our Admissions Teams channel.


Q2: How do I request my Learner’s Academic Report/Certificate?

A2. Certificates of conclusion/academic certificates are prepared by the Academics team, except for Learners who are doing the US Curriculum – in this case, they are prepared by the external provider team.

For Learners doing our UK or Portuguese curricula, please request the certificate via the following link: Microsoft Forms. Kindly note this link is to be used only by LC's; please do not share it.

In the case of external providers, please contact the provider’s point of contact and request the academic certificate. To learn more, please refer to our SharePoint.


Topic 9: Withdrawals & Graduation Processes


Q1: How do I proceed if my Learner is going to withdrawal from BGA? A1: Please send an email with the link to the withdrawal form (which contains the relevant information about the process and transfer of schools) to the Learner's family with Admissions in CC. Access the template of email to be sent to the families in our SharePoint.


Q2: How do I proceed if my Learner was asked to leave BGA (expelled)?

A2: Please inform the Admissions team via email that the Learner is leaving, by when, and that the Learner was asked to leave BGA by the team.


Q3: How do I remove any Learners from the WorkTools after they are no longer at BGA?

A3: First, please if they are no longer at BGA by checking that they show up at the Official Learners List with a Status as Inactive or Graduated. Once you confirm that they have any of these statuses, please refer to Luis Brito with your request to have them removed from the WorkTools.


Q4: When should I inform Admissions that my Learner is graduating from BGA? A4: LCs must complete the Graduation Form with the Learner. Ideally Admissions would receive the form submission two months prior to the Learner’s graduation date. That way, we can make sure to proceed with all administrative changes. Click here to access the form link and further details.


Topic 10: Academic Level Progression - Updates & Questions


Q1: My learner is doing UP and they passed to the next level. How should I proceed?

A1: Please write an email to Admissions with the family in CC informing us of this level progression. Admissions will then reply to the email with the next steps that the family needs to take before we can enrol the Learner in the next Level.


Q2: My Learner has the incorrect academic level on the Official Learners List. How do I update it?

A2: Please send a message on our Admissions Teams channel with the most updated information so we can update our database. The same is valid for any type incorrections in the Official Learners List.


Topic 11: Hub Capacity and Availability


Q1: How can I check how many available spots we have at our Hub?

A1: On the 'Hubs' tab of the Official Learners List, you will find a list of all our Hubs, their capacities, and the number of Learners each Hub currently has (including those who have not yet started but are in the process of completing admissions).


Q2: The hub capacity listed on the Official Learners List exceeds what we can accommodate. Who should I contact to review and adjust the Hub capacity?

A2: The responsible for deciding or changing the hub capacity is the Operations Department. Please reach out to Paulo Dinis about this matter and give Admissions an update via our Teams channel once you have confirmation.

Topic 12: Others

Q1: Couldn’t find a topic that replies to your question?

A1: Please send us your question(s) via our Admissions Teams channel so we can reply to it and add it to our F&Q. Thank you.


Finance----------------------------------------

Finance Topics

1. Monthly Hub Expenses

2. Extraordinary Hub Expenses

3. Portugal LC Refunds

4. International LC Refunds

5. Other Finance Queries

---

1. Monthly Hub Expenses

How can I assist you with your Hub Budget?

1.1 How much is my monthly budget?

1.2 How do I register expenses?

1.3 Where, how and when can I upload the invoices?

1.4 When will my reimbursement be processed?

1.5 What are the conditions for reimbursement?

1.6 What happens if I don’t spend all the money?

1.7 What is the “safety net”?


How much is my monthly budget? Your monthly budget for recurrent needs is based on the number of learners in your cluster:

· 0 - 10 learners: 65€

· 11 - 20 learners:100€

· More than 20 learners: 140€


How do I register expenses? You have to fill out the PORTUGAL - HUB BUDGET form. Follow the instructions.


Where, how and when can I upload the invoices?

Prepare the invoices archive:

1. Go to HUB Teams Page - Finance tab – Files tab

2. Open Hub Receipt folder

3. Create the Year folder (ex. 2024)

4. Create the months folder (ex. 1 - January)

Upload your invoices (with NIF number) to the "Receipts Archive" before the last day of the month.


When will my reimbursement be processed?

Your reimbursement will be processed by the 5th of next month.

Note: sometimes it can take longer, but your account always has an extra amount that can be used on monthly expenses if the reimbursement is delayed.


What are the conditions for reimbursement?

· Invoices must include the NIF number

· Only amounts backed by invoices will be reimbursed

· Stick to your Hub's set budget


What happens if I don’t spend all the money?

The Hub budget is not cumulative. You only have your monthly limit to spend.


What is the “safety net”?

Your card will always have an extra amount for unpredicted expenses. You can only spend this money after the approval of your DC and the Finance Team.


2. Extraordinary Hub Expenses

How can I assist you with extraordinary expenses?

2.1 How to plan an expense that overcomes the hub budget?

2.2. How to submit an Extraordinary Expense Request?

2.3 How long will it take for my expense to be approved?

2.4 How will I receive the money?

2.5 What do I have to do after spending the money?


How to plan an expense that overcomes the hub budget?

If your Hub plans include costs that exceed the allocated budget, you need to:

- Consult with your DC and Finance Team: Confirm if there is available budget for the additional expense.

- Plan Ahead: Make your request at least 6 weeks in advance to allow proper budget management. We won't accept requests within a week of the planned expense.

How to submit an Extraordinary Expense Request? Open a ticket through the General Finance Support ticket, that includes:

- A quote from the supplier

- DC approval

- Expected date of the expense


How long will it take for my expense to be approved?

We will always give you an expected date to complete the process. If you need an answer before (ex. To book a venue) let us know on your ticket.


How will I receive the money?

We will transfer the money to your Hub card.


What do I have to do after spending the money?

Once the expense is incurred, return to the same ticket to upload the invoice. Ensure it includes the NIF number for reimbursement.

---

3. Portugal LC Refunds

How can I assist you with your Portugal LC Refunds?

3.1 Travel Refunds (Using Your Own Car)

3.2 Other Expenses




3.1 Travel Refunds (Using Your Own Car):

3.1.1 How to submit a request?

3.1.2 How much am I entitled to?

3.1.3 When will I be refunded?


How to submit a request? For travel using your own vehicle, submit your journey details (departure & destination) through the Finance Refunds - Portugal ticket, with DC approval.

How much am I entitled to?

Finance will confirm the exact amount you're entitled to base on your request. You can also check the available amounts here.

When will I be refunded?

- If your refund request is submitted before the 20th of the month, it will be processed with that month's salary.

- If your refund request is submitted after the 20th of the month, the refund will be processed with the next month's salary.


3.2 Other Expenses:

If you still have expenses that don’t follow the previouse rules, submit your request through the Finance Refunds - Portugal with:

· DC approval

· Invoice with NIF number

---

4. International LC Refunds

How can I assist you with your International LC Refunds?

4.1 How to submit a request?

4.2 When will I be refunded?

How to submit a request? For international expenses, go to Finance Refunds – Internacional and submit the request with:

- DC approval

- Description of the expense

- Supplier's supporting document


When am I going to be refunded?

---We will reply to the ticket with an expected date for your refund.


5. Other Finance Queries

How can I assist you with your other finance queries?

5.1 What contacts can I use if I have other finance questions?

5.2 How can I give feedback to the Finance team?


What contacts can I use if I have other finance questions? - For general finance inquiries, please submit a ticket through the General Finance Support with a brief description. A finance team member will respond within 72 hours.

- If your matter is urgent, you can directly reach Maria Montenegro on Teams.


How can I give feedback to the finance team? To provide feedback or share ideas, please open a ticket on the General Finance Support. We are always looking for ways to improve our processes and communication!

The Official Learners List is an Excel document that serves the purpose of providing the Central and LC teams with a database of all BGA Learners.



1.Instructions on how to use the document:




Step 1) Open the document: Official Learners List

Step 1.1) Go to View

Step 1.2) Select the hub in the drop-down menu you wish to visualize:

 2.Understanding the document:



In the first column Status, the Learners are labeled according to the following:

Active (learners that are currently attending the hub)

Inactive (learners that have withdrawn from BGA)

In progress (learners that will have their onboarding meeting yet)

In progress – ok (learners that have been through the onboarding meeting but haven't started attending the hub yet)

Waitlist – ok (to identify learners that are Active in another Hub view, but in the Waiting List of another Hub. Therefore, this learner is Active in a Hub view, since they are attending BGA, but as Waitlist - ok in another Hub view to inform us that they wish to move there eventually)

Waitlist (to identify learners that are in the Waiting List of a Hub, and not Active in any other Hub. Therefore, they are just waiting for a vacancy to open in that specific Hub to start in BGA)

Graduated (learners that graduated)





2.How we use the filters to save the Hub Views:



We saved the hub views by i) clicking on the filter option in the column Hub and selecting the corresponding Hubs, and ii) Status and filtering by only the labels Active, In progress, In progress - ok, so the view becomes more relevant for you.


If you wish to play around with the filters to extract certain relevant data for you, please do so on the Default View by selecting the option See just mine, so you don't edit the saved views of the Hubs.





3.What to do if my Learners are not showing up in my Hub View:



This is probably happening because someone altered the filters directly to the Hub View, instead of using the Default View. It's an easy fix. Just look for the filters that are activated and change them back according to the section 2 above.



To quickly spot the filters that are activated by accident, please refer to the symbol circled in the below image.
Important notes to consider:



Please open this document in the desktop view only, not via the Excel app



Nobody but Admissions can edit the document, therefore, any changes that need to be made are to be communicated to the Admissions team via the Teams Channel. The Admissions team has its own document, they will alter the information on that document, which will then feed the Official Learners List. It's important that LCs confirm having all the learners in their respective hubs



The second sheet contains an overview of all hubs, including their capacity



When opening the document, always click on the "Trust Workbook Links" warning so it synchronises

General Process Overview
Please check the following detailed flow chart of our Admissions and Onboarding Procedures: https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/YTJJVzA5ZmliWUxwSjhVWjRaejU0NTEzZEV0OU1LTlR0WjRzNFNlWHA5ZmlaWWdoVUNMMjlod0xYR1ZIQ0laenwzNDU4NzY0NTE1MzMyNDk5Mzk5fDI=?share_link_id=436342912496



>>> Initial Contact can happen directly with the LCs, but families are to be directed to the Admissions Team:

LCs should get their phone and email addresses, and share them with us via our Admissions channel at the Hub Team, so we can reach out to them.

LCs should also share our contact information with them: email (contact@bravegenerationacademy.com) and phone (+351 913 578 362).



First Contact:



Introducing BGA through meetings or weekly webinars; answering queries and process guidance.

Communication with the families can be via email, phone, or WhatsApp.





Application Phase:



Mandatory Hub visits or trial days; coordination of those with Hub LCs via Teams.

Hub visit or trial day details (including guest user to platform) are sent via a calendar invite to LCs and families, after LCs confirmation via Teams.

Any special needs case will have to undergo evaluation from the LCs during the Trial Day. LCs will let Admissions know if we can move forward.

Families receive the Application Form link.



English Test (if applicable) and Onboarding Meeting:



After submitting the Application Form, the families are invited to book an Onboarding Meeting after they have passed their English Test.

The presence of Learning Coaches (LCs) is mandatory.

Onboarding meetings are scheduled by the Admissions Team.

Confirmation of Academic Level placement; the start date is not to be confirmed during this meeting.



Post-Onboarding: Admissions Team follows up.

Learners can attend BGA after sending i) signed contract, ii) proof of payment, and iii) last term report (if needed) .



First Day Preparations*:



Admissions sends first-day instructions and platform access details.





*For the American Curriculum and UP, there's a last step involved in the process: we send a separate email to the LCs with a link for them to book a meeting with the eCampus Academy/GenEx and the learner, so all of you can get onboarded into their platform. After the LCs book this meeting, they should confirm with Admissions so we keep the dates in the first day instructions aligned.



 Hub Visits/Trials

 Automated Procedure:


1. Admissions shares a hub calendar link with families interested so they can book it according to their preferred dates and times.

2. Once booked, the visit or trial confirmation notification will arrive at the Hub's shared mailbox (contact Amanda if you can't visualise your shared mailbox).

3.Admissions will add the LCs emails to the calendar events so LCs can have the events saved to the their calendars as well and access to the family info (their info will be in the event description and notes).

*The slots are blocked according to the following Standard Hub Availability doc.




Reminder: always inform admissions in advance if any standard availability changes or the Hubs need to close for some reason.

--
Procedure for when there is a special request due to mismatch between parents and hubs standard availabilities:


1. Whenever a prospective clients requests Admissions to coordinate a Hub visit or trial day, Admissions asks for their preferred dates;



2. Admissions asks, via our Channel in Teams, for the LCs' confirmation that the visit can happen on the specific date given;



3. After Admissions get the LCs' confirmation, the Hub visit or trial day details (including guest user to platform) are sent via a calendar invite to LCs and families.



--

>>> Admissions will always schedule the visits. However, prospects can find the Hub addresses online and show up unannounced. Please be mindful and recall the 3-step code of conduct in cases like this:



Welcome the families: this will be their first impression of the Hub and our Team;

Present the Hub environment and connect their children to a Learner;

Get the family contact information: name, email address, and phone number.



If you cannot have the visit at the moment, after the 3rd step, tell them that the BGA Admissions Team will get in touch to book a date so they can get to know your Hub in detail.



Always share, in any case, the families' information with the Admissions team via our Channel in Teams, so we can get in contact with them.


--

>>> The Hub Trial days are mandatory (whenever the family is already applying from a location where we have a hub), especially in cases of Special Needs. When those cases are brought to our attention by the family, Admissions will request additional documentation and direct them for a Trial Day. The Special Needs case will then be evaluated by the LCs during the trial day, and the LCs may confirm with Admissions if we can move forward with their enrolment or not (LCs are required to send Admissions and Danielle a feedback email after the Hub Visit/Trial Day).

--

*Online Hub Visits:

Admissions will go through the same scheduling process as above, and will send the families and LCs a calendar invite for the virtual "visit";

The LCs will join the event via Teams;

LCs will introduce themselves to the interested family, show the platform and a the hub, talk about what a day in their hub is like.



*We are launching "Freemium", through which the interested families will be able to have a special login to our platform. They will be able to navigate through it and test it out as in a trial day. This option will be available for families interested in the BGA Online programme, or families that cannot visit the hub in-person at the moment and want to test out the platform (didn't relocate to a location where we do have a hub yet).
>>> Guest Users to the Platform:



You will be able to find the guest user information on the description of the calendar invite.

--

Guest access information for our UK Curriculum platform:

URL: https://learn.bravegenerationacademy.com/login/



(11) LWS 7: guest.year7

Password: Guest@y7

 --

(12 - 13) LWS 8: guest.year8

Password: Guest@y8

(13 - 14) LWS 9: guest.year9

Password: Guest@y9

(14 -16) IGCSE: guest.igcse

Password: Guest@igcse1

(16 - 18) A-Levels: guest.alevel

Password: Guest@alevel1



--

Guest access information for the US Curriculum platform (FIA):

URL: https://usuniversitypathways.schoolsplp.com/login

Guest access information for the UP Programme platform:

URL: https://learn.genexinstitute.com/login/bga

user: demo@bga.com

password: password

English Test (Pre-Onboarding Meeting)
Family submits our Application Form



If the applying learner is not a native English speaker or has not studied in an institution that teaches in English for at least 2 years, they will receive an automatic email from Admissions with the link to book the English Test + instructions with Madalena



The applying learner will book the English Test meeting with Madalena



The applying learner will receive the meeting confirmation



English Test meeting will appear on Madalena's and Admissions' calendars. Admissions will then add the personal email of the learner to the event



The applying learner will attend the meeting with Madalena, in which Madalena will then share the appropriate link for the English Test to be completed:

A) LWS/US grades 6, 7, 8 - Microsoft Forms

B) IGCSE's/A-levels/US grades 9, 10, 11, 12/UP - Microsoft Forms



Following the meeting (and the correction of the English Test), Madalena will:

> Log in to HubSpot (link)



> Go to Contacts main page

> Copy and paste the main contact's email address and click the contact

> Under the Deals Associated, she will then click on the Deal that corresponds to the applying learner's name


B) IGCSE's/A-levels/US grades 9, 10, 11, 12/UP - Microsoft Forms



Following the meeting (and the correction of the English Test), Madalena will:

> Log in to HubSpot (link)



> Go to Contacts main page








> Copy and paste the main contact's email address and click the contact



Contacts v
1 record
All contacts
Contact owner •
X
Create date •
Remote Leads
Last activity dam •
MKT Qualification Review
a Data Quality
Deals Not Closed
LAST ACTIVITY DATE (GMT)
17 oct 2024 10:22 GMT+I
Actions
Lead status •
Advanced filters (O)
Import
+ Add view (4/50)
Export
All Views
Edit columns
clara@bravegenerationc X
NAME
Test Test
CURRENTLY IN WORKFLOW
True
FIRST NAME
Test Test
< @ Next >
LAST ENGAGEMENT DATE (GMT)
Today at 14:04
100 per page •


> Under the Deals Associated, she will then click on the Deal that corresponds to the applying learner's name



Q Search HubSpoT
Contacts
+ Copilot
Brave Generation Academy
Actions •
Overview
Activities
Customize record
Collapse all •
Deals (1)
Test test
Amount: €0.00
Preview
+ Add
More •
Test Test Test
Brave Generation Academy
clara@bravegenerationacad
emy.com
Search activities Q
Close date: 31 December 2024
Stage: Evaluate product > Product evan
Activity
Notes
Emails
calls
All users •
Tasks
Meetings
Email
call
Task
Meeting More
Actions •
Filter by: Filter activity (39/40)
Upcoming
All teams •
View associated deals
Attachments
Recently uploaded
-WRD0000.jpg
04/10/2024
Proof.pdf
02/05/2024
Add •
About this contact
First name
Test Test
Learner's Name
Test Test
> Meeting - BGA English Proficiency Test - Parent: Test Test has...
This will be an online meeting.
The presence of the applying Learner is mandatory.
7 Nov 2024 at 13:15 GMT


> Madalena will edit the property Deal English Test Result > select Pass or Fail

The Deal English Test Result > select Pass or Fail property change will trigger automatic emails that will be sent from Admissions according to each case:

A) Pass: the family will receive an email from Admissions with the link to book an onboarding meeting with Danielle.

B) Fail: the family will receive an email from Admissions informing that they failed the test and cannot move forward with their application.
Onboarding Meetings
The Onboarding Meetings are led by the Educational Team (Danielle), but it's a divided responsibility with the LCs.



Meeting Structure:



For Danielle in Onboardings [10 –15 minutes]

Set up academic expectations for the learner's journey.

Introduce curriculum details.

Academic level definition, or pre-definition in case of placement test.



For LC's in Onboardings [10 –15 minutes]

Need to mention 5 hours – 5 hours specifically spent on academics.

Hub operating hours

Difference between an LC and a CM.

LC in the hub with the learners, mentor to the learner. Explain briefly how you are a mentor

Explain what a CM is – subject experts, can have office hours with the learners, but learners are the ones reaching out to the CM's.

Weekly meeting – what is discussed in your weekly meeting.

Skills - what skills do they want to develop, ask them questions in order to see where you can support.
Community- explain RLE, how does the community pillar work, explain build week.

Hobbies – can speak about what was learnt from the trial day. Are there learners in the hub that have similar hobbies.
Change of Curriculum/Programmes

(OUTDATED eCampus PROCEDURE below, applicable to Learners for which a meeting (introductory or onboarding) has already been booked with eCampus. If your Learner manifested interest from the 28th of January onward, please see the UPDATED PROCEDURE here.)



UK to US Curriculum (eCampus process):



Before Enrolling - Addressing Parent Questions

Parent Inquiry:

When parents express interest in the American curriculum, schedule an introductory meeting to provide more information via email, with Admissions in CC, so the Admissions team can also send the pricing information to them.

Schedule an Introductory Meeting:

Check Availability:

Admissions will request that the LCs set up the introductory meeting.

Review Bob’s availability using the internal scheduling link. Scheduling Link.

Confirm and Book:

Coordinate with the parents to confirm their availability, then book the meeting.

Important Reminder:

Do not share the scheduling link with parents.

Learning Coaches must attend the meeting with the parents.

Follow-Up with Admissions:

After the meeting, notify the admissions team about the parents' interest and the admissions team will follow-up with them.






After Enrolling - Onboarding Process

Confirmation of Enrollment:

Once the enrollment and transfer process is complete, expect a notification via email from the admissions team.

Schedule an Onboarding Meeting:

Arrange the Meeting:

Following the transfer confirmation that will be sent to you by Admissions, schedule an onboarding meeting between Bob, the parents and the learner using the internal Scheduling Link.

Note: again, you should not share the scheduling link with parents. Check with the parents their availability and schedule it yourself. You must be present at the meeting.

Learning coaches can use to upload grade reports, certifications or other pertinent documents needed to be considered for transfer of credits: https://mywusd.jotform.com/243115860555052




Prepare the Report:

Before the meeting, prepare a report on the learner’s progress and mock exam grades

How to prepare a report:

Go to the learner's profile and click in "Grades Overview"

b) Click on one of the subjects the learner is taking.

c) Right-click with the mouse and select "Print Page." *Please note that on the right corner the "myself" needs to be selected under "View report as".
d) Save the grade book as a PDF:
Final Steps:

Repeat this process for all subjects. Save all gradebooks as PDFs and send them in a single email to Bob before the onboarding meeting: Learning coaches can use to upload grade reports, certifications or other pertinent documents needed to be considered for transfer of credits: https://mywusd.jotform.com/243115860555052

In your email, please highlight if the learner has taken any mock exams.




Example:

" Dear Bob,

Attached is Joao's progress report in the British curriculum. He is currently enrolled in Year 10, studying Chemistry, Biology, Physics, English, Maths, and History.

Joao has completed the 50% Mock exams in the following subjects, with the corresponding grades:

Maths: A

Chemistry: B

We look forward to the onboarding meeting scheduled for August 28th.

Kind regards,
Anna"




=> Credit Transfer:

Bob will ensure that the learner receives the appropriate credits for their completed coursework.

US to UK Curriculum:



1. LCs must write an email to Admissions with family in CC so Admissions can guide them through the change;



2. Once the family concludes the administrative steps involved in the change, Admissions informs the LCs via email about the next steps: LCs may book a meeting between them and the Learner to introduce to them the BGA platform.





UK/US to UP Programme:



LCs should coordinate a meeting with the Head of the UP Programme, Esther Silva, so she can explain it and check their eligibility;



Esther must write a communication to Admissions so Admissions can guide them through the change;



Once the family concludes the administrative steps involved in the change, Admissions informs the LCs via email about the next step: LCs may book a meeting between them, the Learner and their new programme tutor using the information that Admissions sent via email.







UK/US/UP to BGA Remote Programme:



Step 1. DCs/LCs, when they are informed by the learner or their family that they want to switch to Remote, should call in a meeting with the learner and family to set clear expectations regarding the transfer;



Step 2. The DCs/LCs will then write an email to the family, with Admissions in CC, explaining that Admissions will send the necessary next steps for the transfer to happen;



Step 3. Admissions will then send the family this email template that will contain a recap of the important expectations:

Template:

"Prior to signing the quote and proceeding with the payment, we would like to recap important information to ensure the understanding of the commitment and expectations associated with the BGA Remote programme.



Expectations for the Transition to BGA Remote Programme



It is important to set clear expectations considering the transfer of your child from the BGA Hybrid programme to BGA Remote. While BGA Remote provides online support and educational resources, it differs from the Hybrid programme in several key areas, requiring greater parental involvement and commitment.



Below are important points to consider:



Parental Involvement and Learning Environment: The BGA Remote programme requires more active participation and oversight from parents. This model is closer to a homeschooling approach and, while our team will provide substantial support, parents are expected to ensure that the Learner is in an appropriate study environment, particularly during assessments or exam-like conditions. Creating a conducive learning space free from interruptions is essential to the Learner’s success.



Learner Accountability: In the BGA Remote programme, Learners are responsible for their own engagement and participation. If a Learner fails to respond or participate in their lessons, the responsibility falls on them to reconnect with their learning journey. This model requires a high degree of discipline and self-motivation. It is common for Learners to face periods of demotivation, so establishing a structured routine and receiving continuous parental support are critical for their adaptation and sustained motivation.



Accreditation and Legal Compliance: Parents must understand that, with the BGA Remote programme being 100% online, it is the family’s full responsibility to ensure compliance with local laws and accreditation requirements. Parents need to inform themselves about local educational regulations and evaluate if they need to take necessary actions to maintain legal compliance. BGA can assist by offering directly to the family supporting documentation on the Learner’s academic progress and engagement. This includes regular reports and guidance from Learning Coaches, similar to what is offered in the Hybrid programme.



Exam Registration: In the BGA Remote model, it is the parents’ responsibility to find and register their child at an appropriate exam centre as a private candidate. While BGA will continue to assist and provide guidance to help identify potential exam centres, this responsibility will no longer be managed by BGA."

--



Step 4. Parents sign our Quote, which contains the BGA Remote Terms and Conditions and proceed with the payment.



Step 5. Admissions inform new Remote LC that the process is finalised.





UK/US/UP to Brave Academy of Sports (BAS):



LCs should coordinate a meeting with the Head of the BAS Programme, Rodrigo Pereira, so he can explain it and check their eligibility;



Rodrigo must write a communication to Admissions so Admissions can guide them through the change;



Once the family concludes the administrative steps involved in the change, Admissions informs the LCs via email about the next step: LCs may book a meeting between them, the Learner and their new sport coaches using the information that Admissions sent via email.





---------------

Why it is necessary to involve Admissions: whenever families change to another programme or curriculum, their fees may vary or we may require additional documentation on their part. Therefore:

Admissions needs to make sure the family is aware and accepts the terms changes.

Admissions needs to identify the changes across our platforms and systems.

Admissions needs any additional invoice to be paid before proceeding with the next steps.


-----------------
Notes:



>>> Admissions will always CC the LCs in the communications with the parents regarding this process so everyone is on the same page.



>>> Changes in programmes: for instance, a BGA learner wants to switch from British Curriculum to UP. This change has to be authorised by a member of the educational team (Esther Silva), so always refer to them first, then communicate to Admissions.



>>> Please note that changes in Moodle must be requested directly to Amanda (IT) after all is confirmed.

 UK to US Curriculum (FIA)

 (UPDATED FIA PROCEDURE follows below and applies to any new Learners that manifest their interest in the US curriculum from the 28th of January 2025.

If your Learner has begun their process prior to this date, please refer to our OUTDATED PROCEDURE, applicable to Learners for which a meeting (introductory or onboarding) has already been booked with eCampus, by clicking here.)



UK to US Curriculum (FIA process):





INITIAL CONTACT: Parent Inquiry and Interest Manifestation:

When parents express interest in the American curriculum, notify the admissions team by writing an email to contact@bravegenerationacademy.com, with the parents in CC, about the parents' interest and the admissions team will follow-up with them.





Step 1) Credit Transfer Process:

When parents confirm their interest, Admissions will send an email to the LCs and the Educational Department informing everyone of the next steps:



LCs need to prepare a report* on the learner’s progress and mock exam grades so the Educational Team can make the credit transfer.

The LCs will reply to the email Admissions has sent with the report attached.



*How to prepare a report:

Go to the learner's profile and click in "Grades Overview"

b) Click on one of the subjects the learner is taking.

c) Right-click with the mouse and select "Print Page." *Please note that on the right corner the "myself" needs to be selected under "View report as".

d) Save the grade book as a PDF:




Example:

" Team,

Attached is Joao's progress report in the British curriculum. He is currently enrolled in Year 10, studying Chemistry, Biology, Physics, English, Maths, and History.

Joao has completed the 50% Mock exams in the following subjects, with the corresponding grades:

Maths: A

Chemistry: B

We look forward to the onboarding meeting scheduled for August 28th.

Kind regards,
Anna"




=> Credit Transfer:

Danielle Roodt will ensure that the learner receives the appropriate credits for their completed coursework.

Danielle Roodt will confirm the learner's grade level so that Admissions can move forward with next steps**.



**If the learner is in Middle School (grades 6 to 8), the process will be completed after the credit transfer:

Once the enrolment and transfer process is complete, expect a notification via email from the Admissions Team, with further instructions: credentials timeline and link to book an Orientation Session with FIA.

FIA will send the LCs and learner their credentials within 5 business days.

LCs will receive the link to book an Orientation Meeting with FIA*** for a date after their learner has received the FIA credentials.



***The purpose of the Orientation Meeting with FIA is for the LCs and learner to get to know the team, and so they can present you any further resources that they have.



If the learner is in High School (grades 9 to 12), the procedure continues below >>>



Step 2) FIA Subject Selection:



Admissions will send an email to the LCs with the guidelines on how to guide and support their learner in selecting the subjects and the link to book a Subject Selection meeting with the Educational Department.

Guidelines Supporting Learners in Selecting FIA US Curriculum (2)



Step 3) Communicating the Subject Selection:



We request that the LCs communicate the exact name of the subjects (as per the Course Menu in the Guideline above) as soon as possible**** to the Educational and Admissions teams in reply to the Credit Transfer thread emails.

The Educational Team will evaluate the subjects chosen to ensure all the graduation requirements are met.

The Educational Team will submit the FIA Subject Selection form.



****The soonest the Educational Team receives this information, the soonest we complete the transfer procedure.



Step 4) Process Completion Confirmation:



Once the enrolment and transfer process is complete, expect a notification via email from the Admissions Team, with further instructions: credentials timeline and link to book an Orientation Session with FIA.

FIA will send the LCs and learner their credentials within 5 business days.

LCs will receive the link to book an Orientation Meeting with FIA*** for a date after their learner has received the FIA credentials.




US to UK Curriculum

US to UK Curriculum:



1. LCs must write an email to Admissions with family in CC so Admissions can guide them through the change;



2. Once the family concludes the administrative steps involved in the change, Admissions informs the LCs via email about the next steps: LCs may book a meeting between them and the Learner to introduce to them the BGA platform.

 UK/US to UP Programme

 LCs should coordinate a meeting with the Head of the UP Programme, Esther Silva, so she can explain it and check their eligibility;



Esther must write a communication to Admissions so Admissions can guide them through the change;



Admissions will gather their documents and confirm that they meets the necessary academic requirements for enrolment. If the Learner meets the criteria, we will proceed with the enrollment process.



Once the family concludes the administrative steps involved in the change, Admissions informs the LCs via email about the next step: LCs may book a meeting between them, the Learner and their new programme tutor using the information that Admissions sent via email.

 UK/US/UP to BGA Remote Programme

 UK/US/UP to BGA Remote Programme:



Step 1. DCs/LCs, when they are informed by the learner or their family that they want to switch to Remote, should call in a meeting with the Learner and family to set clear expectations regarding the transfer;



Step 2. The DCs/LCs will then write an email to the family, with Admissions in CC, explaining that Admissions will send the necessary next steps for the transfer to happen;



Step 3. Admissions will then send the family this email template that will contain a recap of the important expectations:

"Expectations for the Transition to BGA Remote Programme



It is important to set clear expectations considering the transfer of your child from the BGA Hybrid programme to BGA Remote. While BGA Remote provides online support and educational resources, it differs from the Hybrid programme in several key areas, requiring greater parental involvement and commitment.



Below are important points to consider:



Parental Involvement and Learning Environment: The BGA Remote programme requires more active participation and oversight from parents. This model is closer to a homeschooling approach and, while our team will provide substantial support, parents are expected to ensure that the Learner is in an appropriate study environment, particularly during assessments or exam-like conditions. Creating a conducive learning space free from interruptions is essential to the Learner’s success.



Learner Accountability: In the BGA Remote programme, Learners are responsible for their own engagement and participation. If a Learner fails to respond or participate in their lessons, the responsibility falls on them to reconnect with their learning journey. This model requires a high degree of discipline and self-motivation. It is common for Learners to face periods of demotivation, so establishing a structured routine and receiving continuous parental support are critical for their adaptation and sustained motivation.



Accreditation and Legal Compliance: Parents must understand that, with the BGA Remote programme being 100% online, it is the family’s full responsibility to ensure compliance with local laws and accreditation requirements. Parents need to inform themselves about local educational regulations and evaluate if they need to take necessary actions to maintain legal compliance. BGA can assist by offering directly to the family supporting documentation on the Learner’s academic progress and engagement. This includes regular reports and guidance from Learning Coaches, similar to what is offered in the Hybrid programme.



Exam Registration: In the BGA Remote model, it is the parents’ responsibility to find and register their child at an appropriate exam centre as a private candidate. While BGA will continue to assist and provide guidance to help identify potential exam centres, this responsibility will no longer be managed by BGA.



Change in Learning Coach: Learners in the Remote Programme will be supported by a dedicated Remote Learning Coach who will guide their academic journey and provide regular updates on progress."

--



Step 4. Parents sign our Quote, which contains the BGA Remote Terms and Conditions and proceed with the payment.





Step 5. Admissions will send an internal email informing both previous and new Remote LCs that the process is finalised so they can book their first meeting with the Learner and initiate the handover process.



Step 6. Initiate handover process between LCs: Previous LCs should reply to the email from Admissions, with the new Remote LCs in CC, with the following proposed template:



"Dear [New Remote LC],

I hope this email finds you well. I am writing to provide a handover for [Learner’s Full Name], who is transferring to BGA Remote and will now be under your guidance. Below is a summary of their progress and relevant details to ensure a smooth transition:



Learner Overview:

Sprint Report: [Attach Last Sprint Report]

Strengths: [Brief summary of academic and personal strengths]

Areas for Improvement/Concerns: [Attendance, engagement, challenges, special educational needs, etc.]

Exams/Assessments: [Any scheduled or pending exams, if applicable]

Additional Notes: [Any relevant details that will help the new LC support the learner effectively]

All internal tools have been updated with relevant notes, and I am available should you need any further clarification. If there are any outstanding issues or necessary follow-ups, please do not hesitate to reach out.



Best regards,"

--



Step 7. New Remote LCs will book their first meeting with the Learner.

 UK/US/UP to BAS (Brave Academy of Sports)

 UK/US/UP to Brave Academy of Sports (BAS):



LCs should coordinate a meeting with the BAS Programme team, Rodrigo Pereira, Nico and Conrad, so they can explain it and check their eligibility;



Rodrigo, or other BAS team member, must write a communication to Admissions so Admissions can guide them through the change;



Once the family concludes the administrative steps involved in the change, Admissions informs the BAS team and LCs via email.
Why it is necessary to involve Admissions: whenever families change to another programme or curriculum, their fees may vary or we may require additional documentation on their part. Therefore:

Admissions needs to make sure the family is aware and accepts the terms changes.

Admissions needs to identify the changes across our platforms and systems.

Admissions needs any additional invoice to be paid before proceeding with the next steps.


-----------------
Notes:



>>> Admissions will always CC the LCs in the communications with the parents regarding this process so everyone is on the same page.



>>> Changes in programmes: for instance, a BGA learner wants to switch from British Curriculum to UP. This change has to be authorised by a member of the educational team (Esther Silva), so always refer to them first, then communicate to Admissions.



>>> Please note that changes in Moodle must be requested directly to Amanda (IT) after all is confirmed.

UP Academic Level Progression
Academic Level Progression - Updates & Questions



Question 1: My learner is doing UP and they passed to the next level. How should I proceed?

Answer 1: Please write an email to Admissions with the family in CC informing us of this level progression. Admissions will then reply to the email with the next steps that the family needs to take before we can enrol the Learner in the next Level.

Hub Transfers

LCs must decide among themselves: the team of the Hub of origin must contact the team of the Hub the Learner wishes to transfer to, requesting the transfer approval. CC your DCs when needed;



LCs must refer to their DCs whenever is a sensitive case/concern that they need further advice on;



LCs inform Admissions via the Teams Channel so Admissions can make the alterations to our documents;



New LC will add parents to the WhatsApp group and send the parents the Hub Booklet;



New LCs notify external provider in case they are doing the American Curriculum (eCampus or FIA team)*



*New LCs receive information from previous LCs about their learners. During this handover process, if a learner is enrolled at the American curriculum, the new LCs are requested to notify and introduce themselves to the partner accordingly (either eCampus or FIA; the LCs can check confirm this information on the learners list).


>>> Please note that changes in Moodle must be requested directly to Amanda (IT) after all is confirmed.



Handover process:


Step 1. Initiate handover process between LCs: Previous LCs should email the new LCs, with the following proposed template:



"Dear [New LC],

I hope this email finds you well. I am writing to provide a handover for [Learner’s Full Name], who is transferring to [new Hub name] and will now be under your guidance. Below is a summary of their progress and relevant details to ensure a smooth transition:



Learner Overview:

Sprint Report: [Attach Last Sprint Report]

Strengths: [Brief summary of academic and personal strengths]

Areas for Improvement/Concerns: [Attendance, engagement, challenges, special educational needs, etc.]

Exams/Assessments: [Any scheduled or pending exams, if applicable]

Additional Notes: [Any relevant details that will help the new LC support the learner effectively]

All internal tools have been updated with relevant notes, and I am available should you need any further clarification. If there are any outstanding issues or necessary follow-ups, please do not hesitate to reach out.



Best regards,"

Step 2. New LCs will book their first meeting with the Learner.

Scholarship Revocation

We have two formal scholarship reassessment moments, December and June, when each learner’s performance is reviewed based on the following KPIs:

Number of unjustified absences

Hub attendance

Participation in exam preparation sessions

Platform progress

Other relevant factors (Skills, Community and Behaviour)


However, it’s essential that RMs and LCs monitor and document red flags throughout the year, not just at those checkpoints.


What to do:

When a learner is not fulfilling their responsibilities, LCs inform parents via email or in meeting minutes. This is crucial to ensure that, should a scholarship be revoked, it doesn't come as a surprise.

Once a decision is made, Admissions will send the formal scholarship revocation email, including a clear summary of all the documented concerns and unmet expectations (shared by the LCs and RMs).


 Withdrawal & Graduation
 1. Withdrawal:



a) BGA Learner that decides to leave:

LCs get informed by the Learner/Learner's family that they wish to leave BGA;



LCs send an email with the link to the withdrawal form (which contains the relevant information about the process and transfer of schools) to the Learner's family with Admissions in CC;

--

Suggested Template that can be used:



Dear Parent Names,



I hope this email finds you well. I am writing to follow up on your enrolment termination notice.


We're very sad to hear that you're withdrawing your child from BGA. However, we understand if you feel that's the best decision to make at this point.

Please fill in the following form to start the withdrawal process: form link
This form will serve as an official notice of your termination and will be considered for the administrative and financial withdrawal processes.


We wish you and your family all the best.

Thank you.

--



Admissions will proceed with the changes in the shared documents and platform according to the information in the form provided by the family;



LCs must please remove the families that have withdrawn from the WhatsApp groups.





b) BGA Learner who was asked to leave by the BGA team:

The LCs must inform the Admissions team via email that the Learner is leaving, by when, and that the Learner was asked to leave BGA by the team;



Admissions will send an email to the family formalising the withdrawal;



Admissions will proceed with the changes in the shared documents and platform accordingly;



LCs must please remove the families that have withdrawn from the WhatsApp groups.



----------------------

2. Graduation: Graduation Form and Alumni Directory



Once a Learner has passed their final mock exam and is approved to sit their finals (or has a projected final academic date if they’re in the American curriculum or UP), please send them the graduation email.

You’re welcome to personalise the message, but please do not alter the main content.

Fill in the brackets with the appropriate information and CC contact@bravegenerationacademy.com. This step is essential for admissions to mark the Learner as graduating and to stop payments when the time comes.

Admissions will proceed with the changes in the shared documents and platform according to the information in the form provided;

LCs must remove the families that have graduated from the WhatsApp groups.


The Alumni Form included in the email is crucial. It allows us to:

Keep in touch with our graduates.

Gather valuable feedback on the BGA experience.

Build a knowledge-sharing network for current and future Learners.

Please follow up with your graduating Learners to ensure they complete the form. Thank you for your support in making this process both smooth and meaningful for our growing community.

The alumni form, the graduation email, and the spreadsheet with the alumni information will also be available on the marketing sharepoint.



>>> The Admissions team will let the LCs know in the instances we are the ones to first get informed that a Learner is leaving BGA.



 Unengaged Learners: Enrolment Cancellation Procedure

 Admissions will initiate the enrolment cancellation policy for learners that are non-responsive to the LCs and RMs contact attempts:


1. Call + Send the first email asking for an update within a week, as our LC has been trying to contact the family for 2 weeks.

2. Call + Send the second email advising that we will have to proceed with the cancellation of enrolment if they don't contact us within a week.

3. Send the third email informing that the learner's enrolment has effectively been cancelled due to lack of involvement.



We request that that you inform us if the family makes direct contact with you (LCs or RMs).

Declaration Requests
DECLARATIONS OF ENROLMENT & TRANSPORTATION DISCOUNT:



1. LCs must request them to Admissions via our Teams Channel.





BGA CERTIFICATES OF CONCLUSION/TRANSCRIPT





Please use the following link to request a report:https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=jdDCGr67PE6WIoj76KyYMDg39UelI5FGrE3ROkucph9UNUM2NUtRREVUOUpENlZTU1hGREdTUzA2OC4u&route=shorturl

Please note that this is an internal link, and it should only be filled in by Admissions or by the LC.





Certificates of conclusion are prepared by the Academics team, except for learners that are doing the US Curriculum – in this case, they are prepared by the external provider team.



(eCampus Only): US CURRICULUM at eCampus GRADUATION CERTIFICATE REQUEST:

Below is some clarification regarding the graduation on the American curriculum:

After a student completes the required coursework, teachers have approximately one week beyond the end of the calendar year to complete grades and enter them into our student management system.

Watertown (the US School) issues a diploma and an official transcript indicating that the learner has met the school’s graduation requirements

The diploma is shipped  directly to the BGA hub where the learner has been enrolled unless the family provides them with a home address to which they’d like it sent. As for transcripts, they can mail and/or email them to both families and, upon request of a college, will forward them to the institution.

**Transcripts may be requested at this link  ** https://www.parchment.com/u/registration/51931745/institution



BGA does not issue a certificate in this case, only eCampus.

Verification of Academic Level Placement During First Day

The LCs should triple-check during the first day that their incoming learners are placed in the correct academic level in the platform, by accessing the information shared during their onboarding meeting and the learners' last term reports.



For this purpose, once Kinderpedia is substituted, we will create a folder in OneDrive (insert link to folder here) that contains all our learners as subfolders, and their respective documents.



To compare equivalencies of their last term reports to our curriculum, check out the equivalencies table here: Comparison Table BGA Edu officers.xlsx https://edubgabravegeneration-my.sharepoint.com/:x:/g/personal/danielle_bravegenerationacademy_com/EfnWPlSX6yNEsD3P-Z485oABD9zB0pOL9oOz01Onk8wU2A?e=hMHcFx
Information Updates
NEW UPDATES ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



February 2025 --

Updated FIA US Curriculum Transfer Procedure



FIA is our new partner in providing the US Curriculum offer. Click here to access the updated procedure.





February 2025 --

Updated procedure for graduating Learners



Admissions has created a Graduation Form that LCs must share with Learners. Click here to access the link and further info.







PAST UPDATES --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Nove
mber 2024 -- Updated Script for LCs during Onboarding Meetings



The Onboarding Meetings are led by the Educational Team (Danielle), and it's a divided responsibility with the LCs.



Meeting Structure:



For Danielle in Onboardings [10 –15 minutes]

Set up academic expectations for the learner's journey.

Introduce curriculum details.

Academic level definition, or pre-definition in case of placement test.



For LC's in Onboardings [10 –15 minutes]

Need to mention 5 hours – 5 hours specifically spent on academics.

Hub operating hours

Difference between an LC and a CM.

LC in the hub with the learners, mentor to the learner. Explain briefly how you are a mentor

Explain what a CM is – subject experts, can have office hours with the learners, but learners are the ones reaching out to the CM's.

Weekly meeting – what is discussed in your weekly meeting.

Skills - what skills do they want to develop, ask them questions in order to see where you can support.

Community- explain RLE, how does the community pillar work, explain build week.

Hobbies – can speak about what was learnt from the trial day. Are there learners in the hub that have similar hobbies.





--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

October 2024 --

Updated Admissions and Onboarding Flow Chart of Procedures:



Please check the following detailed flow chart of our Admissions and Onboarding Procedures: https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/YTJJVzA5ZmliWUxwSjhVWjRaejU0NTEzZEV0OU1LTlR0WjRzNFNlWHA5ZmlaWWdoVUNMMjlod0xYR1ZIQ0laenwzNDU4NzY0NTE1MzMyNDk5Mzk5fDI=?share_link_id=436342912496



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

July 2024 --

Update of Official Learners List document:



The LCs should send a message on the Admissions channel of their respective hubs to inform us of any updates in the document regarding their learners (Academic Level and Status, e.g. Inactive).

Please note that we must always keep our database updated since it's used across the entire BGA team and we count on your support to do it.



>>> Please note that only the Admissions Team is responsible for moving, transferring or deleting Learners.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

July 2024 --

Verification of Academic Level Placement During First Day:



The LCs should triple-check during the first day that their incoming learners are placed in the correct academic level in the platform, by accessing the information shared during their onboarding meeting and the learners' last term reports.



For this purpose, once Kinderpedia is substituted, we will create a folder in OneDrive that contains all our learners as subfolders, and their respective documents (insert folder link here).



To compare equivalencies of their last term reports to our curriculum, check out the equivalencies table here: Comparison Table BGA Edu officers.xlsx

Guidelines

When to use Teams:



Whenever LCs are sending Admissions internal requests such as information updated requests, the preferred channel of communication is Teams.



>>> Admissions Channel in Teams: Always use the Admissions Channel in Teams when communicating with the Sales or Admissions departments as if a member of our team is on leave, the colleagues can move forward with your requests.





When to use Email:



Whenever LCs are sending a formal communication that involves an alteration in the Learner programme, curriculum or Hub, the preferred channel is Email.





Time to reply:



Admissions to LCs: The Admissions team is committed to replying to all Teams messages and Emails promptly. Our goal is to take up to 1 day to address your request.

If your message is time-sensitive and we're taking long to address it, please call us at (+351) 913 578 362.

LCs to Admissions: We deal mostly with time-sensitive matters and always try to move as fast as we can when dealing with prospective clients. Therefore, replying to our messages in a timely manner is crucial for helping us maintain the quality of our processes. We truly appreciate your support regarding this.

Team Members Info

Clara Aguiar: Head of Sales and Admissions

clara@bravegenerationacademy.com



Izabel Canedo: Sales Representative

izabel@bravegenerationacademy.com



Ana Veloso: Sales Representative

ana.veloso@bravegenerationacademy.com



Samita Thakuri: Admissions Officer and Department Assistant

samita.thakuri@bravegenerationacademy.com



Keily Meyer: Sales Assistant

keily@bravegenerationacademy.com



How to reach out to us?

Teams: please use our Admissions Channel in Teams

Email: contact@bravegenerationacademy.com

BGA Admissions WhatsApp and Phone: (+ 351) 913 578 362

General Overview

Please check the following detailed flow chart of our Admissions and Onboarding Procedures: https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/YTJJVzA5ZmliWUxwSjhVWjRaejU0NTEzZEV0OU1LTlR0WjRzNFNlWHA5ZmlaWWdoVUNMMjlod0xYR1ZIQ0laenwzNDU4NzY0NTE1MzMyNDk5Mzk5fDI=?share_link_id=436342912496



>>> Initial Contact can happen directly with the LCs, but families are to be directed to the Admissions Team:

LCs should get their phone and email addresses, and share them with us via our Admissions channel at the Hub Team, so we can reach out to them.

LCs should also share our contact information with them: email (contact@bravegenerationacademy.com) and phone (+351 913 578 362).



First Contact:



Introducing BGA through meetings or weekly webinars; answering queries and process guidance.

Communication with the families can be via email, phone, or WhatsApp.





Application Phase: Mandatory Hub visits or trial days; coordination of those with Hub LCs via Teams.

Hub visit or trial day details (including guest user to platform) are sent via a calendar invite to LCs and families, after LCs confirmation via Teams.

Any special needs case will have to undergo evaluation from the LCs during the Trial Day. LCs will let Admissions know if we can move forward.

Families receive the Application Form link.



Onboarding Meeting:



After submitting the Application Form, the families are invited to book an Onboarding Meeting after they have passed their English Test.

The presence of Learning Coaches (LCs) is mandatory.

Onboarding meetings are scheduled by the Admissions Team.

Confirmation of Academic Level placement; the start date is not to be confirmed during this meeting.



Post-Onboarding:



Admissions Team follows up.

Learners can attend BGA after sending i) signed contract, ii) proof of payment, and (if needed) iii) last term report.



First Day Preparations*:



Admissions sends first-day instructions and platform access details.





*For the American Curriculum and UP, there's a last step involved in the process: we send a separate email to the LCs with a link for them to book a meeting with the eCampus Academy/GenEx and the learner, so all of you can get onboarded into their platform. After the LCs book this meeting, they should confirm with Admissions so we keep the dates in the first day instructions aligned.

Portuguese Curriculam:

Introduction

The Portuguese curriculum is designed to prepare learners for the Portuguese national exams. The content will be identical to that taught in both public and private Portuguese schools, meaning all instruction will be in Portuguese.

To sit the national exams, learners must enroll in a school as homeschoolers and take the exams as private candidates (candidatos auto-propostos).

In the Portuguese education system, Grades 7–9 (equivalent to Years 8–10) are classified as basic education, while Grades 10–12 (Years 11–13) are considered secondary education. This means the transition occurs in the middle of the IGCSE program.

Basic Education / Educação Básica Up to Grade 9, learners must study all available subjects, which include:

· Matemática / Maths

· Português / Portuguese

· História / History

· Geografia / Geography

· Física e Química / Physics & Chemistry

· Ciências da Natureza / Natural Sciences

· Inglês / English as a Second Language

· Espanhol / Spanish as a Second Language

· Educação Visual / Visual Education

· TIC / Information and Communication Technology

· Educação Física / Physical Education

At the end of 9th grade, learners will sit an exam (Prova de Equivalência à frequência) for all subjects. For Mathematics and Portuguese, the “Prova de Equivalência” is replaced by a national exam conducted in all schools at the same time.


Secondary Education / Educação Secundária

From Grade 10 onwards, learners begin focusing on the subjects whose national exams will impact their university admission. Their subject selection will be structured as follows:


There is a common core of four subjects: Mathematics and Portuguese, which span all three years of high school and include a national exam at the end, as well as Philosophy and English, which conclude in Grade 11, with both requiring a national exam as well.

In addition, learners must choose two out of four available specific subjects. These choices play a crucial role in determining which university degrees they can apply for. All these subjects require a national exam at the end of Grade 11. Use the following website to guide learners through that decision: https://www.dges.gov.pt/guias/assist.asp . You can filter university access per institution, location, subject and type of degree. The necessary GPA to get accepted into the degree is benchmarked by the GPA of the last student accepted in the prior year (information also available on the same website).

Finally, learners must select two elective subjects from the four available options. These are only studied in Grade 12, do not require national exams, and are assessed through internal testing (within the school where the learner is registered in as homeschooler).

Traditional schools may offer additional subjects, which learners can study privately with a tutor, such as:

· Descriptive Geometry (Geometria Descritiva), instead of Biology and Geology

· Geography (Geografia), instead of History B

· History A (História A)

· French (Grades 7–12), instead of Spanish

However, 90% of university degrees do not require any of these subjects. The decision to study them is usually based on personal interest rather than necessity.

The assessment policy—including Quizzes, CMMAs, MAs, and Mock Exams—as well as the relationship with Curriculum Mentors (CMs) will follow the same structure as the British curriculum.

Course completion deadlines will also be similar, with learners expected to finish by the end of February to prepare for exams in June (only available exam season).


Exams (Equivalence Proof / Provas de Equivalência à frequência)

When:

· Grade 9, 11 and 12.

· June (one exam season a year). Enrollments in March, done by the partner school (exact process to be defined).

Where:

· Learners can choose to sit them in any Portuguese public school, including in some foreign countries such as in Mozambique. This means that learners will be able to sit exams next to their hubs.

Important note:

· A national exam means that the test comes from the Ministry of Education.

· Some subjects will be tested by the school itself, and not by the ministry. They are:

o Grade 9: all but Maths and Portuguese

o Grade 11: none, all are national exams

o Grade 12: all but Maths and Portuguese


British to Portuguese curriculum Swap

Exit Year, end of Entry/Enrollment Year Notes

Year 7 / 6th grade Y8 / 7th Ideal, joins middle school (7th-9th) from the start

Year 8 / 7th grade Y9 / 8th Misses Y8 but still has time to study for the exams at the end of Y10

Year 9 / 8th grade Y10 / 9th Not recommended. 1 year to study for subjects that started 2 years before. Best to sit 50% mocks IGCSE

Year 10 / 9th grade Y11 / 10th Ideal, starts "Ensino Secundário" from the start

Year 11 / 10th grade Y12 / 11th Not ideal, will have to try and do three years in two or go back one year. Some subjects might have equivalences for Year 11, such as Biology, Maths, Physics, Chemistry and Economics. More info on this soon.

Year 12 /12th grade Y13 / 12th Not recommended. 1 year to study 3 years' worth of subjects.


General recommendations:

Successful transitions always depend on the school accepting BGA's transcripts to register the learner as

homeschooler. BGA has a partner school to facilitate this process.

Learners will sit exams in 9th grade, covering content from 7th, 8th and 9th. The closer they change to that

grade, the harder it will be to pass the exams.

Learner will sit exams in 11th and 12th grade, covering content from 10th, 11th and 12th. Here, they will

have to go back to the start (10th) unless they've done subjects with equivalences.



FAQ

1. Can learners follow both the Portuguese and British curricula simultaneously?

a. No, completing both curricula in full is not feasible due to the workload. However, learners may choose to study one subject from the British curriculum if it aligns with their interests.

2. Do learners need to complete all subjects to receive their diploma?

a. Yes.

3. Is the curriculum accredited by anyone?

a. Yes, the curriculum is regulated by the Portuguese Ministry of Education. It follows the exact same structure and content as taught in traditional Portuguese schools, and all course materials are provided in Portuguese.
. Is BGA now accredited?

a. No, BGA is not accredited. However, within the Portuguese curriculum, learners can enroll in a Portuguese school as homeschoolers, allowing them to sit national exams. These exams are the same as those taken by traditional Portuguese students and enable learners to apply to university.


5. What if my learner fails an exam?

a. Learners if Grade 9 will not pass to Grade 10 if they fail more than 3 subjects, of if they fail Maths and Portuguese.

b. In secondary education, subjects function modularly. If a learner fails a subject, he can progress with the remaining ones.


6. Can a learner do two years in one?

a. No. Learners must do the exams in the year they are scheduled.


Portuguese Curriculam:

Introduction

The Portuguese curriculum is designed to prepare learners for the Portuguese national exams. The content will be identical to that taught in both public and private Portuguese schools, meaning all instruction will be in Portuguese.

To sit the national exams, learners must enroll in a school as homeschoolers and take the exams as private candidates (candidatos auto-propostos).

In the Portuguese education system, Grades 7–9 (equivalent to Years 8–10) are classified as basic education, while Grades 10–12 (Years 11–13) are considered secondary education. This means the transition occurs in the middle of the IGCSE program.

Basic Education / Educação Básica Up to Grade 9, learners must study all available subjects, which include:

· Matemática / Maths

· Português / Portuguese

· História / History

· Geografia / Geography

· Física e Química / Physics & Chemistry

· Ciências da Natureza / Natural Sciences

· Inglês / English as a Second Language

· Espanhol / Spanish as a Second Language

· Educação Visual / Visual Education

· TIC / Information and Communication Technology

· Educação Física / Physical Education

At the end of 9th grade, learners will sit an exam (Prova de Equivalência à frequência) for all subjects. For Mathematics and Portuguese, the “Prova de Equivalência” is replaced by a national exam conducted in all schools at the same time.


Secondary Education / Educação Secundária

From Grade 10 onwards, learners begin focusing on the subjects whose national exams will impact their university admission. Their subject selection will be structured as follows:


There is a common core of four subjects: Mathematics and Portuguese, which span all three years of high school and include a national exam at the end, as well as Philosophy and English, which conclude in Grade 11, with both requiring a national exam as well.

In addition, learners must choose two out of four available specific subjects. These choices play a crucial role in determining which university degrees they can apply for. All these subjects require a national exam at the end of Grade 11. Use the following website to guide learners through that decision: https://www.dges.gov.pt/guias/assist.asp . You can filter university access per institution, location, subject and type of degree. The necessary GPA to get accepted into the degree is benchmarked by the GPA of the last student accepted in the prior year (information also available on the same website).

Finally, learners must select two elective subjects from the four available options. These are only studied in Grade 12, do not require national exams, and are assessed through internal testing (within the school where the learner is registered in as homeschooler).

Traditional schools may offer additional subjects, which learners can study privately with a tutor, such as:

· Descriptive Geometry (Geometria Descritiva), instead of Biology and Geology

· Geography (Geografia), instead of History B

· History A (História A)

· French (Grades 7–12), instead of Spanish

However, 90% of university degrees do not require any of these subjects. The decision to study them is usually based on personal interest rather than necessity.

The assessment policy—including Quizzes, CMMAs, MAs, and Mock Exams—as well as the relationship with Curriculum Mentors (CMs) will follow the same structure as the British curriculum.

Course completion deadlines will also be similar, with learners expected to finish by the end of February to prepare for exams in June (only available exam season).


Exams (Equivalence Proof / Provas de Equivalência à frequência)

When:

· Grade 9, 11 and 12.

· June (one exam season a year). Enrollments in March, done by the partner school (exact process to be defined).

Where:

· Learners can choose to sit them in any Portuguese public school, including in some foreign countries such as in Mozambique. This means that learners will be able to sit exams next to their hubs.

Important note:

· A national exam means that the test comes from the Ministry of Education.

· Some subjects will be tested by the school itself, and not by the ministry. They are:

o Grade 9: all but Maths and Portuguese

o Grade 11: none, all are national exams

o Grade 12: all but Maths and Portuguese


British to Portuguese curriculum Swap

Exit Year, end of Entry/Enrollment Year Notes

Year 7 / 6th grade Y8 / 7th Ideal, joins middle school (7th-9th) from the start

Year 8 / 7th grade Y9 / 8th Misses Y8 but still has time to study for the exams at the end of Y10

Year 9 / 8th grade Y10 / 9th Not recommended. 1 year to study for subjects that started 2 years before. Best to sit 50% mocks IGCSE

Year 10 / 9th grade Y11 / 10th Ideal, starts "Ensino Secundário" from the start

Year 11 / 10th grade Y12 / 11th Not ideal, will have to try and do three years in two or go back one year. Some subjects might have equivalences for Year 11, such as Biology, Maths, Physics, Chemistry and Economics. More info on this soon.

Year 12 /12th grade Y13 / 12th Not recommended. 1 year to study 3 years' worth of subjects.


General recommendations:

Successful transitions always depend on the school accepting BGA's transcripts to register the learner as

homeschooler. BGA has a partner school to facilitate this process.

Learners will sit exams in 9th grade, covering content from 7th, 8th and 9th. The closer they change to that

grade, the harder it will be to pass the exams.

Learner will sit exams in 11th and 12th grade, covering content from 10th, 11th and 12th. Here, they will

have to go back to the start (10th) unless they've done subjects with equivalences.



FAQ

1. Can learners follow both the Portuguese and British curricula simultaneously?

a. No, completing both curricula in full is not feasible due to the workload. However, learners may choose to study one subject from the British curriculum if it aligns with their interests.

2. Do learners need to complete all subjects to receive their diploma?

a. Yes.

3. Is the curriculum accredited by anyone?

a. Yes, the curriculum is regulated by the Portuguese Ministry of Education. It follows the exact same structure and content as taught in traditional Portuguese schools, and all course materials are provided in Portuguese.
. Is BGA now accredited?

a. No, BGA is not accredited. However, within the Portuguese curriculum, learners can enroll in a Portuguese school as homeschoolers, allowing them to sit national exams. These exams are the same as those taken by traditional Portuguese students and enable learners to apply to university.


5. What if my learner fails an exam?

a. Learners if Grade 9 will not pass to Grade 10 if they fail more than 3 subjects, of if they fail Maths and Portuguese.

b. In secondary education, subjects function modularly. If a learner fails a subject, he can progress with the remaining ones.


6. Can a learner do two years in one?

a. No. Learners must do the exams in the year they are scheduled.

